Update README.md (#1450)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-android: README.md

> Looking for developers interested in providing early feedback on a x-platform implementation of MSAL written in C++ and Java, callable from Java, Kotlin and C++.  If you're interested please please contact shoatman@microsoft.com.

***06/25/2021***

> - Silent requests inadvertently serialized in MSAL v2.0.8-v2.0.12, Common v3.1.2-v3.4.3. This will be fixed in an upcoming release, tentatively scheduled for next week.

Reviewer: Missed word: Silent requests were inadvertently serialized....

I think we need to add a strong warning.  Do not use these versions and provide current recommended version... which presumably would be 2.0.7

Reviewer 2: Added a suggestion below.

> - In the meantime, please refrain from updating to the mentioned library versions. Details for the issue can be found [here](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-common-for-android/issues/1438).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In the meantime, please *do not use* the mentioned library versions, and consider moving to 2.0.7. Details for the issue can be found [here](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-common-for-android/issues/1438).
```

> - In the meantime, please *do not use* the mentioned library versions, and *strongly* consider moving to 2.0.6. Details for the issue can be found [here](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-common-for-android/issues/1438).

Reviewer 3: What not move to 2.0.8? https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-android/releases/tag/v2.0.8

Author: yes checked its 2.0.10.
